Build Your Dream Home in Esquipulas!
Discover the perfect opportunity to build in the exclusive and peaceful community of Los Olivos Residential in Esquipulas, Chiquimula, Guatemala.
We have two prime lots for sale, located just 3 km from the majestic Basilic of Esquipulas.
A world famous shrine visited by thousands of people every day.
Imagine living in a tranquil, beautiful neighborhood surrounded by large, elegant homes.
This is the ideal location for your family—away from the noise, yet close to everything you need.
Each lot has access to all essential utilities:
Potable Water: Ready to connect for your new home.
Internet: Stay connected with high-speed service.
Electrical Service: Reliable power for all your needs.
This is a unique chance to invest in a superior lifestyle.
These lots are the perfect foundation for building the house you've always dreamed of.
Contact us today for more information and secure your future in Los Olivos Residential!